A company deployed a fleet of Windows-based EC2 instances with IPv4 addresses launched in a private subnet. Several software installed in the EC2 instances are required to be updated via the Internet.

Which of the following services can provide the firm a highly available solution to safely allow the instances to fetch the software patches from the Internet but prevent outside network from initiating a connection?

VPC Endpoint 

Egress-Only Internet Gateway 

Câu trả lời của bạn đúng
NAT Gateway
NAT Instance 

Giải thích tổng thể
AWS offers two kinds of NAT devices — a NAT gateway or a NAT instance. It is recommended to use NAT gateways, as they provide better availability and bandwidth over NAT instances. The NAT Gateway service is also a managed service that does not require your administration efforts. A NAT instance is launched from a NAT AMI.

Just like a NAT instance, you can use a network address translation (NAT) gateway to enable instances in a private subnet to connect to the internet or other AWS services but prevent the internet from initiating a connection with those instances.

Here is a diagram showing the differences between NAT gateway and NAT instance:



Egress-Only Internet Gateway is incorrect because this is primarily used for VPCs that use IPv6 to enable instances in a private subnet to connect to the Internet or other AWS services but prevent the Internet from initiating a connection with those instances, just like what NAT Instance and NAT Gateway do. The scenario explicitly says that the EC2 instances are using IPv4 addresses which is why Egress-only Internet gateway is invalid, even though it can provide the required high availability.

VPC Endpoint is incorrect because this simply enables you to privately connect your VPC to supported AWS services and VPC endpoint services powered by PrivateLink without requiring an Internet gateway, NAT device, VPN connection, or AWS Direct Connect connection.

NAT Instance is incorrect. Although this can also enable instances in a private subnet to connect to the Internet or other AWS services and prevent the Internet from initiating a connection with those instances, it is not as highly available compared to a NAT Gateway.

